[theme music playing]
Excuse me, does
Dan Conner work here?
No, he's the boss.
Uh-- I'm Phyllis Zimmer.
I'm an old friend of
Danny's from high school.
Do you think he'd be
OK if I went in there?
OK, but don't
make too much noise.
I just put him down for his nap.
Oh, my god, it's Dan
Connor, the big football star.
I think he looked at me.
Phyllis Zimmer.
My god, what in the
world are you doing here?
Well, I'm in town
for a couple of days.
And I was driving by the school.
And I got to thinking
about old times.
You look terrific.
Thanks.
You look exactly the same.
No, I don't.
So, uh-- you in
charge of this place?
Oh, yeah, this is my
office, desk, chair.
I usually wear a tie,
but today it was dirty.
Very impressive.
Who's that.
Nobody-- but my family.
Very nice.
I see you're still
married to Roseanne.
Oh, yeah.
She's great.
Am Am I making
you uncomfortable?
I mean, you know,
because of our thing?
Oh, come on, hey, hey,
that was 25 years ago.
We were in high school.
Me and Roseanne were
broke up at the time.
Roseanne ever
find out about us?
Yeah, false,
false, crown, bridge.
I guess she probably wouldn't
want us to go to lunch then?
No, she wouldn't care.
She'd be OK.
She wouldn't mind.
- She could come with us.
- Yes, she could.
She could.
I could her and she could come.
But she's working.
Then it's just you and me.
I guess so.
Hey, we could go to
that place we used to go.
Well, under the bleachers
is an unusual spot for lunch,
but, hey, what the hell.
[nervous laughter]
[theme music playing]
Hey, Jackie.
Hi, Fred.
Think fast.
Earrings.
No, I can't take these from you.
Come on.
I saw them in a store.
And they just, I don't know,
made me think of your ears.
What?
What about them?
They're just petite, you know.
Delicate.
Oh, oh, well, thanks.
Can't really take
credit for that.
Although I have always tried
to sleep on them evenly.
Well, I guess,
I'll see you around.
You know, Fred,
maybe if we went
out to dinner again sometime,
it wouldn't be that bad
Really?
So if I asked you to go out with
me tonight at 8:00 for dinner,
you'd say yes?
Yeah, I would.
It's good to know.
Fred.
8 o'clock.
Yeah, deal.
So what's Dan doing today.
Oh, he's having lunch with
an old friend from high school.
Oh, yeah?
Who?
Maybe I know him.
I think it was Phyllis Zimmer.
Oh, my god, really?
No, maybe not if it's
going to get Dan in trouble.
Well, it could.
They slept together
in high school.
If Roseanne finds
out about this,
she is going to freak out.
Well, she doesn't
have to find out.
Well, I can't
lie to my sister.
I don't think
it would be wrong.
No, I mean I can't
lie to my sister.
I always try.
She can always tell.
ROSEANNE: Jackie,
come here a minute.
I'm busy.
ROSEANNE: No you're not.
See.
Hi, Fred.
Where's Dan?
Well, hey, look
what Fred gave me.
Says he stop thinking
about my ears.
That's sweet, isn't it?
Just what you want to hear from
somebody who's seen you naked.
So Fred, how come Dan
didn't come down with you?
Well, Dan couldn't
come because he
had to have lunch at a seminar.
Had go to a motor
seminar in DeKalb,
a seminar on all the motors
that they'll be using.
Well, Fred, how come
you didn't go with him?
Who?
Fred?
Well, Fred-- Fred
was going to go and--
Fred.
It's only for bosses.
Well, I guess Dan
finally gets to lead
that glamorous powerful life
that he's always dreamed of.
I feel just like Jackie Kennedy.
[music playing]
Hey, Jackie.
Dan.
Roseanne's in the kitchen.
Chicken's in the fridge.
No, no, that's OK.
I already had lunch.
Usual place.
I always eat at the same place.
I'm very loyal that way.
I'm a very loyal luncher.
What exactly are we
saying about lunch, Jackie?
I know, Dan.
Ah, jeez.
What happened?
What do you mean
what happened?
Nothing happened.
All right, I believe you.
But it was still
really, really bad.
You took out the one woman in
the world Roseanne never wanted
you to see you again to lunch.
How could you that?
- I don't know.
It was noon.
I was hungry.
Remember how nuts she
went when she found out what
you guys did in high school?
Yeah, I do.
And we're not going to put her
through that again, are we?
No, of course not.
Dan, Roseanne is very
sensitive about this.
And we know how dangerous she
is when she gets sensitive.
So if you don't tell her,
then there's no problem.
Yeah, there is because you
made me lie to my sister.
Ah, man, you lied to here.
She always knows
when you lie to her.
It's OK.
Told her a really
good one this time.
ROSEANNE: Jackie, is that you?
What are you doing?
I'm watching
the game with Dan.
Go team.
[tv in background]
You are the worst.
ROSEANNE: Jackie, get in here.
What did you tell her
I told her that you went
to Elgin to a motor seminar.
What the hell
is a motor seminar
I don't know.
Ask Roseanne.
She's the one that bought it.
Oh Milky Way bars
in the pudding.
What's the occasion?
Oh, Dan did the
coolest thing, you know.
Right after he finished
with that motor seminar,
he came right home.
He called in sick.
And we spent the whole
afternoon, you know, doing it.
He had sex with
you after that?
Oh, yeah, but it
wasn't just sex.
It was the best sex we
have ever had since--
uh-- since we
started having sex.
God.
Oh, chill out, Jackie.
It's not like I told you that
we did it in here or nothing.
We did it in here.
Hey, girls.
What are you talking about?
Well, we're talking about you.
Really?
Yeah, I was just
telling Jackie
how you were showing
me all that stuff
that you learned about motors.
Vroom, vroom.
Oh, yeah, that trip to
Elgin really paid off.
I thought you said
it was in DeKalb.
Jackie said it was DeKalb?
No, no, motor seminars
are always in Elgin.
What were you thinking?
I don't know.
Elgin?
DeKalb?
See, it was originally
scheduled for DeKalb
And they moved it.
Oh, they moved to
Elgin from DeKalb.
That's-- that explains it.
I totally believe everything
that you guys are saying.
See, that makes liars
of all three of us.
OK.
Dan and I were planning
a big surprise party
for your birthday last month.
I'm so bad at this.
Look, Rosie.
Jackie thought she
could help me by lying.
But the whole thing
is no big deal.
I had lunch with an old friend
who was passing through town.
We talked about
you the whole time.
You remember Phyllis Zimmer.
God, she really likes you.
DAN: Honey, it was only lunch.
Honey?
Oh, god, this is really bad.
Yeah, I know.
[door slams]
Oh, no, this is really bad.
I'm parked behind her.
Oh, man, Rosie's
never left before.
Well, never would
have happened if he
hadn't been with another woman.
Been with?
I had lunch with Phyllis.
- And?
And you lied about it badly.
And you came home and
had sex with Roseanne.
How do you think
that made her feel?
Pretty damn happy
judging from this pudding.
No, it was humiliating.
Dan, you were thinking
about Phyllis while you
were having sex with Roseanne.
Oh, that is just
completely totally not true.
So there's no
connection at all
between you having
lunch with Phyllis today
and having sex with Roseanne.
For your
information, Jackie, I
have had sex with Roseanne
many times without having lunch
with Phyllis.
So your whole theory goes
right out the window.
OK, I just got one question.
If you're completely
innocent, you
did nothing wrong, why do
you think your wife just
stormed out that door.
Why are you here?
You don't live here.
You're not married to
anyone in this house.
Why don't you go out that door.
Get a life of your own.
Then you can screw that up
instead of messing with mine.
You want to know
how innocent I am?
I coulda.
Coulda what?
She wanted me, Jackie.
How do you know that?
Men know.
She did the eyelash thing.
She did the hip thing.
She did all the things.
I could have had her
right then and there,
but I never even
thought about it.
You could have had her.
The Ramada was
right next door.
The vacancy sign was on.
If I was a different
kind of guy,
I could have had lunch,
Phyllis, a quick shower,
and been back at work by 2:00.
Well, it's a good thing
you never thought about it.
[music playing]
[tv in background]
Rosie?
Where is Mom.
I need breakfast.
She's not in the bedroom?
No I don't think
she slept here.
The bed's not messed up.
Oh, don't be silly DJ.
You know how sometimes your
mom sleeps on the floor
because she didn't
want to make the bed.
Come on, I'll cook
you breakfast.
You don't know how to cook.
I'll barbecue your breakfast.
So how do you like
your eggs, sport?
Hey, did you ever see
the movie "Rocky"?
Mom didn't come home, did she?
DJ, you need to eat
some healthy food.
Hey, how about some
cream style corn.
I'm not hungry.
I know we can have mommy's
pudding for breakfast.
It's fortified with Milky Ways.
Why won't you tell
me where mom is?
DJ, your mom and I had
a little fight last night.
You guys always fight.
Yeah, but this time I guess
I messed up pretty good.
You're not going to
get a divorce, are you?
I'm the only whose parents
are married to each other.
Don't worry, son.
Your mom's coming home.
Everything's going to be OK.
Why don't you go
upstairs, get ready,
and I'll drive you to school.
Hey, Roseanne get back?
Oh.
Really Scary huh?
Yeah, it is.
Want me to make
you some coffee?
Jackie, my wife's gone.
My son is worried we're
going to get a divorce.
And it's all my fault.
I'll make you a big pot.
I don't know how I could
have been so selfish.
Well, Dan you couldn't
know that Roseanne
would react so badly.
We've been
married long enough.
I should know exactly
how she'd react.
Then why did you go
to lunch with Phyllis?
Because she walked
in and it was like I
was 20 years younger.
It just felt good.
Not many people make me
feel that way anymore.
The last few years, I've just
felt so damned resistible.
Dan, that's crazy.
Yeah, well, whatever.
Dan, there's a lot of women
who find you very attractive.
Yeah, right.
Who?
You should hear what
some of the women customers
say about you down
at the Lunchbox.
What?
Well, I promised not
to tell, but let's just
say the phrase fine piece a
tail was used quite often.
Jackie, you know you're
getting a whole lot better
at this lying thing.
[music playing]
I'm back.
ROSEANNE: Well,
now you got cable.
Dan-- he's worried
sick about where you are.
He just feels horrible.
Cool.
No, he feels
really, really bad.
I-- it's kind of
a midlife thing.
Guys get to this
point in their life
where they have to
bolster their ego.
It's just not unhealthy.
It can be a natural phase
in a loving relationship.
What are you doing?
I'm trying to
turn down the Oprah
show so I can hear you better.
Oh, wait a minute,
that's not Oprah.
That's you.
He just wanted somebody
to think he was attractive.
Oh, poor boy, Dan doesn't
think he's attractive.
Well, life is tough, Jackie.
Sometimes I don't think
Dan's attractive either.
Oh, come on, Roseanne.
Cut him a break.
It was lunch.
Yeah, when I feel
all old and crummy,
you don't see me having
lunch with Donny Van Steenus.
Donny Van Steenus is dead.
Well, be that as it
may, Jackie, not all
of my old boyfriends are dead.
I'm sure I could rustle up one
or two of them that would be
willing to buy me a sandwich.
Haven't you
punished Dan enough?
He had sex with
Phyllis all afternoon--
He didn't have
sex with Phyllis.
Yes he did, Jackie.
He just used my body.
And let me tell you something.
She's been getting it a whole
lot better than I have lately.
You don't know what was
going on in Dan's mind.
Maybe Phyllis just made him
feel good about himself.
And the important thing
is he came home to you.
In his mind he was having
sex with Phyllis, OK?
Can't believe he let that
woman on my kitchen table.
All right, what if
he did? haven't you
ever fantasized about anybody?
No, not about anybody that
I, you know, could really get.
Except for Fabio.
Come on.
You know, it's true.
Fabio, he could show up
in Lanford, you know.
And be looking around for
a loose meat sandwich.
You are never
going to get Fabio.
Why For you have
to ruin it for me.
Anyway, so you
have fantasized.
It is very different, Jackie.
How?
Because.
Haven't you heard of
the double standard.
And besides Dan lied to me.
He just-- he lied
to protect you.
Well, he didn't
protect me, Jackie.
He just made me feel
really horrible.
Well, you made him feel
really, really horrible back.
He's sitting on a couch, scared
his wife is off someplace.
You won this one.
Can't you just be big about it?
Well, so you really
think he's sitting over
there by himself on the couch?
Yes
All right, well, I guess
I can go talk to him.
You bought it, didn't you.
Dan's here.
I said he was home.
But he's here.
Hey.
I didn't sleep very well
without you last night.
Yeah, but you
still slept, right?
Rosie, I'm sorry.
Please come home.
You want to go
somewhere and talk?
Yeah, I guess.
No, I can't, because I have
to go to school first and make
sure DJ got a decent lunch.
No.
Don't worry about it.
I made him lunch.
- You did?
No.
I lied again.
Isn't it great.
[theme music playing]
Glad your back.
Well, I'm glad for you.
I think it's great we have a
kind of relationship where we
can talk about stuff,
especially if one of us
is completely in the wrong and
you're completely in the right.
Dan, just get naked and
show me how sorry you are.
You want to think about other
men sometimes, it's OK with me.
I can live with that.
I don't need to do that, Dan.
Unlike some people,
I have evolved.
(IN DAN'S VOICE)
Rosie, I'm just
glad you love me for who I am.
I know I'm not perfect.
Well, in my eyes,
you're pretty close.
I washed my armpits
with a wash cloth,
just the way you like it.
Dan don't talk.
[theme music playing]